What is a guys in Malcolm X now in this video we'll be designing this whole Web site.
We are going to create three specific website for our like higher than determine our hire.
Hire a hotel or like book a hotel or rent a car so you'll be creating these specific type of pages.
So let's just go ahead and let's get started.
First of all we need that ocean that will be theme and we have to go to the dashboard right now.
OK.
And here we have to just select the appearance and then things.
And then here we have to just go to the Oddny right here.
And let's come here and let's just search for a theme.
So the theme that I want to be going up for would be ocean W.P..
You can also go with the theme.
OK.
But I'll be just going over that ocean.
We'll be right now.
So I'm just going to go out and I'm going to install right now and you can see this team is currently
being installed and is going to go ahead and I'm going to hit activity right now and this team will
be activated.
So this is right here.
OK.
Now what we have to do is that we need to just go to the this one that says begin installing plug ins.
And then I have to head this begin installing plug ins and they will install all the plug ins so make
sure that you come here here and then you just install and then you just said applies so this will be
applied to here and you can see that every plug in is installed right now.
So one more thing that we have to do is that we need to buy the plug in.
That's the program.
So how you're going to buy one more plug in that is approaching and you have to just open up the video
that you are watching right now.
So you need the protrusion and the resources available.
This video you have to just click here and get the program and you have to just click here and it's
going to take it to the new page and then you have to just pre-Chase this so you can print Sheas like
forty nine for one Web site.
If you are just creating a trade.
Now just say you can just buy it or if you are just doing a business thing and just go out and you can
buy this unlimited page right now.
OK so this will be like for limited web sites but it totally depends which one you want to buy.
OK so make sure that you buy it.
Because this is really very important.
And in order for this to work.
OK.
So after you buy it you just have to upload it.
You have to go to the plugins and then you have to go to amnion and in here you have to just upload
plug in and then you have to choose the file.
So I have to go to downloads right now and then I have to go to compressed sorry downloads and then
I have to just search for the elements.
This is the one I'm just going to go in and I'm going to install now and this should be installed in
a minute.
So let's wait did let's wait till this is done.
And now I'm going to get hit activated plug in and you can see this plug in should be activated so this
plug in is now activated what I have to do now and now I have to design my website to first of all I
need to just make sure that I have the pages so in here I need to just go ahead and I want this to be
new.
Well let's just see the symbol page the home page.
Well let's go here and let's change this to home.
So this is my home page.
I'm just going to come here and I want to go to the Condon's layouts so it should be 100 percent full
with no margins and no title.
Let's just hit publish and I can see this is right here.
I'm just going to go to settings right now and then I want to go to you know the reading.
So in the reading Ok let's come here to reading again.
And in the reading you have to select a static page and in here you have to select the home page and
then you have to hit save changes so you can see that we are done still here.
And now let's have a look at or above say so on our home page you can basically just add something like
hire hire hire a freelancer hire
hire a car rental car and book you.
OK so this will be like a let's say like that and then we want to just create these three pages specific
So let's just go ahead and let's just first customize the website and then we're going to work more.
So I'll also show you that how can you add the Didak check out function because that is also very important
when we are doing a booking so there would be no shopping cart in that because we don't want to add
the shopping cart and we just wanted to check out so that the person has to enter his information and
they know he'll be taken to the Didak check out.
He don't have to enter.
Just like how many card how many quandaries he warned and something like that.
OK.
So I just come here and let's just come here to the header ok.
The towbar a do we need a tabards.
I'm going to come here to the general right here and let's just remove the toolbars So disable it.
Let's come here and let's come here to the head straight here and I need the better background.
So the background should be
on hating this.
It looks cool.
The border bottom Sabater bottom I don't want any water about so you can see this is removed.
I'm going to go back and I want to go to Demonios so-many color is going to be the wing color you can
do it white.
OK.
And the whole should be this and everything should be totally ok.
I'm going to go back right now and in here I want to select logos so the logo is going to be the color.
So the colors are going to be white so if I just bring them out here it should be turned to blows.
This is not turning about.
OK this is not turning.
So I'm just going to change it to be like I'm black.
So if I bring my mouse here is changing to black right now.
OK it looks pretty cool.
And now here what I want to do.
We're totally done with this.
Now here we we have to design this page so I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to just hit Cross
right now and let's just installed a plugin that says direct checkout.
So but we'll be doing that in the upcoming video lectures not now I'm old so let's just come here and
let's just edit page OK and let's just design our home page.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to edit that elementary and it's going to take us to elementary
age.
And then we have to work forward so instead of doing everything from start I think we should be going
up that using it beams because you guys already know how to design everything.
I just want to show you that how can you create specific pages and you can design that so I'm not going
to add a template right now.
And in the template we want to go with this one.
I'm going to go out and I'm going to insert.
So this is being inserted right now.
And after this is inserted then you're going to work with it.
So let's wait till this is done.
On OK this will take some time.
OK.
This is right here.
OK design your word press.
I'm just going to change this to be like Word Press.
Not not not Word Press.
It should be
our booking site.
OK.
And in here we have to leave everything at this like this.
You can see this is a major carrier I saw Crucell occur.
So a crucial crucial crucial I don't know.
OK so this is right here.
This is old.
This also looks cool.
OK we go down and we have so many things right here.
So I think we need to add one more section right here and that will be like a book poking something.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to say right now I'm going to come here to this right here.
Let's go down let's go down
and just going ahead and U.S..
So this is right here here.
I just want to bring this up so let's just bring this to the top.
It is so hard to bring anything to top so I'm sorry guys I'm digging or dying.
This is your precious time.
I know.
But I am seriously sorry.
So I'm just going to bring a tray of tinted didn't didn't didn't do
OK.
This is right here.
Or just let's bring it to trade above here.
So this is the new U.S..
OK.
I'm just going to come here and here I want to call them.
No no no no no.
But first I just need to enter a heading so let's just bring this right here.
This is the heading element.
I'm just going to add
we offer OK so this is going to be just great coming here.
OK so we offer like a freelancer we offer some plane ticket.
Sorry.
We offer a hotel booking and we also offer like rent a car.
So we offer these services.
I know it looks totally unusual because rent a car and hotel looks cool but why you're offering the
freelancer.
OK so let's just come here and this is going to Steinert now and I won't change the color to be black
OK.
And when I say it now and I want to just go it typography.
And also it increases so let's just increase it and let's grab this one.
So what is the fun they are using.
So they're using the default font and the fit is this.
Ok cool.
I'm going to come here and now here I want to go to style.
I want to for fun just to be this and this to be true.
OK.
And this transformation should be uppercase.
Everything should be uppercase.
OK.
I want to come here and I want to go to style and I want to go do shape dividers So let's just give
something effect here.
So I want to come here and it should be clouds.
OK.
The height should be
bring to front
invert So this looks kind of cool I think I'll be happy to invert it OK.
And now it's just come here.
Let's just increase it.
OK.
It looks pretty cool.
OK so we have the offer now.
OK.
That I have to just come here and I need three columns here.
So basically we offer three services so let's just go ahead and let's just copy this divider and they're
going to duplicate it.
And let's just bring it down below.
This divider is also here.
I want to just to create a bit of this a bit.
I think this much looks cool.
I want to come here and I want to drag the column freight here so I need two columns.
OK.
I said as a columnist let's just come here and we need the e-mail box.
So this is the icon.
Let's go down let's go down.
This is the flip box so you can also add the flip box.
You can also add the pricing table.
You can also do so many things with this so I just want I think this image box right here.
So this is what it means books right here.
OK.
And I just don't need the description.
If you want a description you can go ahead.
But first I just want to go ahead and I wanted to upload that thing so this should be like hire a hotel
book or hotel hotel booking
OK.
They should be removed because they don't want this.
And I want to go ahead and I wanted to placate it.
Sorry sorceresses you know first we have to design this and then build triplicated because it will take
some time more.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to change the HTML taxer it should be it's too.
OK.
Let's go to style.
I mean speccing made size.
I mean taste should be more.
So it should be.
I think that looks cool.
OK.
And the capacity is cool animation can be like shrink
that we have the content.
So in the content we have to change the color so the color is going to be black.
And I think pretty well it looks cool hotel booking.
So
and things of spacing we have the topography you have a description so everything looks pretty cool.
And I will go ahead and let's just link it to the page so the page we will be creating would be a slash
hotel.
So if someone plays this page he'll be just taken to the hotel booking page.
So we'll be just adding a hotel booking tour or instead of this let's just come here and let's add a
button.
So the burden is going to be book a hotel.
OK so it should be a line decenter.
OK.
And
book hotels.
OK.
And the link is going to be slash and then it should be hotel.
And then I want to go to disarrayed here and it should be like a house.
I was home OK.
This right here I'm just going to bring this to after call.
I want to go to Stein right now and the Bactrim color so Baghran color is going to be white and this
should be very an on over the back from Kallaugher should be turned to green
cool.
Everything looks pretty cool.
Now what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here and I'm going to duplicate this whole column.
So let's just hit this and let's just say this one more time.
OK.
So we have everything coming.
Now here I want to change this to be hotel booking.
Freelancer so we also give a freelancer and we're going to change the image to this.
I want to change the style of this so that it looks pretty cool.
I want to go to style and I want to change it so
it looks pretty cool here.
I want to come here and I want to change this to be freelancer.
OK.
And this is going to be slashed and Zele OK so freelancer and Booker hotel hire a freelancer and it's
going to be extra small or just me Kibby keep it.
Keep it small.
I'm sorry I won the icon so for icon.
I need a person so
it looks pretty cool.
Now let's see him here.
And here we need the car.
So Rent-A-Car this is right here.
Rent a car so you can see that we have Freeville everything here and here.
I want a car
OK.
And it should be
Rent-A-Car.
And the link should be.
Slash car.
So you can see everything is pretty cool.
I want to just come here and I want you to increase the size of the image a bit so that it just comes
equally.
OK.
So I to image to style and increase the size.
I think it is now coming equally everything is looking pretty cool.
Awesome.
And great.
So you can see Rent-A-Car hire a freelancer book a hotel.
So this is pretty cool.
I want to come here to this and I want to go to advance and I want to give some padding to the bottom
so it looks we have some spacing so the padding is going to be 50 pixel.
I think 80 now looks pretty cool.
I just increase it.
And I can see that we offer hotel booking freelancer and we have to rent a car.
So any person can go to this this or this.
So now we're totally done with this you can see everything is pretty well coming.
Great.
And we have designed this in the next video we will be breaking up with the
the working of this so if someone clicks this year it is going to be taken to the hotel booking page.
And if someone claims this freelance for he'll be taking to that page and in there he can just basically
book something.
So let's just go ahead and let's just save it.
Everything is done.
You can see it is done.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this and I'm going to go to the dashboard right now so you
can see everything is done here.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video we'll be working up at that.
Goodbye.